# Math Wars

  Math Wars is a themed-based math game that tests the player’s multiplication ability. It randomly generates questions with numbers ranging from zero to twelve. The player must click one of the three buttons with the right answer. If the player chooses the right answer, BB8 (one of the characters of Star Wars: The Force Awakens) will move one space along with the enemy, Kylo Ren. However, if the player chooses the wrong answer, only Kylo Ren will move and BB8 will not be capable of moving. If the player answers eight correctly, BB8 will reach Rey and be saved. However, if the player chooses the wrong answer three times, Kylo Ren will catch up to BB8 and take him away. This will cause the game to be over.

  This app is intended for people who want to test their multiplication skills. It is especially a great app for Star Wars fans. Since I started learning multiplication in grade two, this is specifically intended for grade two students who are starting to learn their multiplication tables. This is a non-gender based game and can be played by male or female. It has that aura that makes it fun and exciting for young students. 

  While saving BB8 from Kylo Ren by pressing the right button, you will feel the rush of trying to get BB8 safely to Rey. The background music of the game creates that experience where you feel like you’re a part of the game. When you do save BB8, you will feel accomplished, that you got eight questions right. The game over screen for a winner will show a picture of Rey beating Kylo Ren, which will make the player feel like they helped in some way. However, losing the game, you will feel like you failed to protect BB8 from Kylo Ren, which will make the player want to play more and get BB8 to safety. 
  
	This App will be used particularly during the spare time of a grade two student learning their multiplication tables. They can be using it to practice their multiplication abilities or to just have some fun. Teachers can also introduce it to their students and let them play it during class time to practice their multiplication skills. 
  
	The main menu showcases three buttons which the player can click to interact with. The play button goes directly to the game. The help button goes to the instructions screen. The exit button closes the app all together. If the help button is clicked, it will show the instructions of the game. The player can either choose to play the game by clicking the play button or go back to the main menu by clicking the back button. If the play button is clicked, the player is led to the game screen where the game starts. It will have three buttons for the player to click. The question will be clearly shown at the middle. The player must click one of the answers. If they get it wrong, BB8 will move. If they get it right, BB8 will not move. The player will lose if they get three wrong and will win if they get eight. If the right button is pressed, the button will turn green and go back to original blue. If the wrong button is pressed, the button will turn red and go back to blue. When the game is over, it will either show the screen of BB8 being captured by Kylo Ren (lose) or Rey defeating Kylo Ren (win). The player has the ability to click restart which will lead back to the main menu. The main menu plays the Star Wars themed song, the game plays intense background music and the game over screen plays a background music to showcase that the game is over.


